[energetic music starts]
The HPE Design System accelerates your ability
to engineer experiences
and unleashes the full potential of advancing
the way people live and work.
A singular design language that contains
an open-source library of elements
consisting of
- working code,
- best practices,
- design resources,
- human-centered guidelines,
- and a vibrant community of contributors.
It enables experiences to be crafted with
efficiency and uncompromising integrity.
Centered on the
customer experience,
you’ll have the confidence
to create experiences that
meet your customers’ needs
while ensuring brand
consistency and accessibility.
With a dynamic design and developer ecosystem,
you also have the opportunity to contribute
as a critical partner
to innovate and evolve our customers’ experience.
Together, we can be relentless in our pursuit
to push the speed at which we can deliver
everything as a service with excellence.